bdqffdq §4: fix structurally incomplete set-builder conditions (Option A — explicit associational relations) (#339)
tdwg/bdq: tg2/_build_review/templates/guide/bdqffdq/bdqffdq-header.md

- A new definition for 'Quality Assurance' as an operation reflecting current practice rather than as a set of tests.
- A new definition for 'Quality Control' as an operation reflecting current practice rather than as a set of tests.
- A new definition is provided for `Acceptable Data Quality Measure` to support the use of `bdqffdq:Measure` for both `Quality Assurance` and `Quality Control` purposes.

> - The set-builder expressions for parameterized derived concepts (e.g., `VP(u)`, `MM(me)`, `I(s)`, `DQV(dr)`) are stated in terms of primitive associational relations (e.g., `rel_VP`, `rel_MM`, `rel_I`, `rel_DQV`) introduced in §4.2.1, rather than with trivially-true parameter-typing conjuncts as in Appendix A. This makes the associations the expressions name (e.g., "the `Validations` included in the `Validation Policy` for `u`") definitionally explicit; Appendix B's worked examples remain admissible extensional interpretations of these relations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The set-builder expressions for parameterized derived concepts (e.g., `VP(u)`, `MM(me)`, `I(s)`, `DQV(dr)`) are stated in terms of primitive associational relations (e.g., `rel_VP`, `rel_MM`, `rel_I`, `rel_DQV`) introduced in §4.2.1, rather than with trivially-true parameter-typing conjuncts as in Appendix A of Veiga (2016). This makes the associations the expressions name (e.g., "the `Validations` included in the `Validation Policy` for `u`") definitionally explicit; The worked examples of Appendix B of Veiga (2016) remain admissible extensional interpretations of these relations.
```
